global_fg = #ffffff
global_bg = #ffffff

comment_fg = #ffffff
comment_bg = #ffffff

string_fg = #ffffff
string_bg = #ffffff

number_fg = #ffffff
number_bg = #ffffff

constant_fg = #ffffff
constant_bg = #ffffff

variable_fg = #ffffff
variable_bg = #ffffff

keyword_fg = #ffffff
keyword_bg = #ffffff

storage_fg = #ffffff
storage_bg = #ffffff

class_fg = #ffffff
class_bg = #ffffff

inherited_fg = #ffffff
inherited_bg = #ffffff

function_fg = #ffffff
function_bg = #ffffff

argument_fg = #ffffff
argument_bg = #ffffff

tag_fg = #ffffff
tag_bg = #ffffff

attribute_fg = #ffffff
attribute_bg = #ffffff

library_fg = #ffffff
library_bg = #ffffff

invalid_fg = #ffffff
invalid_bg = #ffffff

todo_fg = #ffffff
todo_bg = #ffffff

label_fg     = #ffffff
label_bg     = #ffffff

structure_fg = #ffffff
structure_bg = #ffffff

special_fg   = #ffffff
special_bg   = #ffffff

title_fg     = #ffffff
title_bg     = #ffffff

linenumber_fg = #ffffff
linenumber_bg = #ffffff

commenttag_fg = #ffffff
commenttag_bg = #ffffff

interface_fg = #ffffff
interface_bg = #ffffff

bracket_fg   = #ffffff
bracket_bg   = #ffffff

operator_fg  = #ffffff
operator_bg  = #ffffff

method_fg    = #ffffff
method_bg    = #ffffff

char_fg      = #ffffff
char_bg      = #ffffff

selection_fg = #ffffff
selection_bg = #ffffff

parentheses_fg = #ffffff
parentheses_bg = #ffffff

static_fg    = #ffffff
static_bg    = #ffffff
